[Music]
what's your name
you know what what's your next stop kind
of just let the road tell me where to go
society will be munched butter off to
build an army of self-sufficient
agitators not everyone wants to live
like us of course they do
[Music]
nolé and i are just going back to
evidence where are you driving to in the
middle of the night
[Music]
what's up little lady it's some antique
you got here what the hell are you doing
working for you you need the help and I
need the repairs everyone has a bomb
what happened to yours
[Music]
phears the only thing holding these
people back they've got their driveways
they've got their backyards and got
their pools we have our freedom
[Music]
you